Well I think we're to the point where we can maybe build the game and run around and see how it looks.
There is of course more that we can do.
You know I've added the boxes and some pill bottles and cigarettes and other things in the scene.
But I think we can go ahead and adjust our players settings and build the game just to see how it looks.
So if you want to build the game what you can do is come over here to file build settings.
Of course you're going to need the pro version of unity to build a couple of these kinds of games.
But many of them can be built with the Personal Edition and the unity splash screen will just be what
the user sees first using the pro edition will allow you to get rid of that unity splash screen and
also will add some more advanced features as well.
I'm going to go ahead and build a Mac version since I'm here on a Mac.
It already knows what I'm using here so it's already brought up the Mac OS X choice for me what I need
to do is put the scenes I want to build appear in this window.
So if you have multiple scenes and youre in code switching from one scene or level in your game to another
you need to bring them up into here.
I'll just go into my scenes folder and I've got these test scenes I've been using as we've been going
along.
This is the current one I'll just take this scene test up into here and drop it.
So let's say this was our splash screen scene or level that would go first.
You can see here that it's got the number zero here.
Let's say I had other scenes or levels I wanted to bring in.
I could just drag them in one right after the other.
And you can see here that they've got ID numbers 0 1 2 3 and they'll go on up and you can re arrange
these just by clicking and dragging.
And so in code you would reference these ID numbers when you want to load a scene going to go ahead
and select this and hit the delete key.
And for each of these I'll just delete them out of there.
And now we're left with the one scene that we want to use.
Another thing I can set up from this window are the player settings and what I want to do is adjust
the resolution of the player settings or of the view and I can come down here and click on player settings.
And over here you can see I've got my default screen with already set for 12 a and my screen height
set for 720 so you'll probably see it when you come in here.
The first time you'll probably see it with default is full screen already checked and I don't like that
so I'm going to uncheck that and just plug in what I want the screen height and width to be all right.
So I have that taken care of.
Now I can come over here to this screen and just build my game.
So I click on build and I've already created a build's folder here so I'm going to go ahead and just
save this in that folder.
I'll hit save.
I've already done this once before so I'll hit replace.
And there it goes.
So now it is built the game.
All browse to that folder.
And now to play the game.
All I need to do is double click the file.
Now if this was a Windows machine you would have the build file or the C plus a folder and the folder
would just have a few files in it that the Hexie needs to run.
So just know that on a Windows machine you're going to need both that executable and that folder of
extra files.
So I will double click on this and I think I'll run it at beautiful as opposed to fantastic.
I love the terms there just since I'm recording here it might bog it down a bit if I go too high.
So I've got the windowed option checked and I'll click play.
Here is the game loading up.
And there we are.
So I can run around with WASC and just take a look at my scene.
So this is the actual build of the game.
We can go in here and take a look at the kitchen.
And here's the living room.
The boxes and I put some blinds on the windows there.
So there we go.
We've got our finished level.
I'll go ahead and exit out of this quit.
And there we go.
So I hope this course has been helpful to you.
I've certainly enjoyed going through the process of using blender and unity together in a very integrated
way to build a game level.
Well thank you again and take care.